Adding PHP client libraries (#154)
WP-API/docs: using-the-rest-api/client-libraries.md

[info]To perform authenticated requests from outside of the WordPress admin, themes, or plugins, a separate <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/rest-api/authentication/#authentication-plugins">authentication plugin</a> is required.[/info]

## PHP

> [Requests](https://github.com/WordPress/Requests) for PHP is a humble HTTP request library. While not specifically designed for the WordPress REST API, it is a great tool for interacting with any REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Requests](https://github.com/WordPress/Requests) for PHP is a general purpose HTTP request library. While not specifically designed for the WordPress REST API, it is a great tool for interacting with any HTTP API.
```
